AIP-69: Add Executor to Edge Provider (#42048)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/apache-airflow-providers-edge/edge_executor.rst

You can use it also in parallel with other executors if needed. Change your ``airflow.cfg`` to point
the executor parameter to ``EdgeExecutor`` and provide the related settings.

The configuration parameters of the Edge Executor can be found in the Edge provider's :doc:`configurations-ref`.

Here are a few imperative requirements for your workers:

- ``airflow`` needs to be installed, and the CLI needs to be in the path
- Airflow configuration settings should be homogeneous across the cluster
- Operators that are executed on the Edge Worker need to have their dependencies
  met in that context. Please take a look to the respective provider package
  documentations
- The worker needs to have access to its ``DAGS_FOLDER``, and you need to
  synchronize the filesystems by your own means. A common setup would be to
  store your ``DAGS_FOLDER`` in a Git repository and sync it across machines using
  Chef, Puppet, Ansible, or whatever you use to configure machines in your
  environment. If all your boxes have a common mount point, having your
  pipelines files shared there should work as well

Minimum configuration for the Edge Worker to make it running is:

- Section ``[core]``

>   - ``executor``: Executor must be set or added to be ``airflow.providers.edge.executors.EdgeExecutor``

Reviewer: I believe I saw in another PR you added this executor to the holy list of "core" executors. So folks should be able to use the short name instead of the module path right?

Author: Yes, for Core this is in https://github.com/apache/airflow/pull/41730

For Breeze it is in https://github.com/apache/airflow/pull/41731

(Separated as we have the rule to split provider and core PRs to cherry-pick)

Reviewer: So in that case the value does not need to be the module path, it can just be "EdgeExecutor".

Btw, how did we decide to add another executor to that holy list? I thought we were no longer doing so?

Author: Oh, I did not know that the list of executors is "holy" - was there a decision that only specific "premium" Executors shall be added? Maybe I am too new or missed this. So if I "should not" then this would just be affecting #41730. I "naively thought" having the full module path here until the other PR is merged, then with a future Airflow version the short name could be used. But I would not insist on a short name. You/the community is able to have a word on this and convince me of course.

Reviewer: Yeah, that list is really only for executors that airflow vends, they're sometimes called "core" executors. Local, Sequential, Debug are all examples. Celery and Kubernetes now live in provider packages, but are grandfathered into being in this holy list because they existed before executors lived in provider packages. Since your executor exists in a provider package, my vote would be to _not_ add it to the holy list in the executor loader and then if that's the case, then users would then need the full module path like you have in the docs now.

Author: Okay, then I'll adjust #41730 and revert 99% of the changes there. Then the docs here will stay as it is fr the time being. (Until this one is stable, performant, cool and getting grandfathered :-D)

  - ``internal_api_secret_key``: An encryption key must be set on webserver and Edge Worker component as
    shared secret to authenticate traffic. It should be a random string like the fernet key
    (but preferably not the same).

- Section ``[edge]``

>   - ``api_enabled``: Must be set to true. It is disabled by intend not to expose

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - ``api_enabled``: Must be set to true. It is disabled intentionally to not expose
```

    the endpoint by default. This is the endpoint the worker connects to.
    In a future release a dedicated API server can be started.
  - ``api_url``: Must be set to the URL which exposes the web endpoint

To kick off a worker, you need to setup Airflow and kick off the worker
subcommand

.. code-block:: bash

    airflow edge worker

Your worker should start picking up tasks as soon as they get fired in
its direction. To stop a worker running on a machine you can use:

.. code-block:: bash

    airflow edge stop

It will try to stop the worker gracefully by sending ``SIGINT`` signal to main
process as and wait until all running tasks are completed.

If you want to monitor the remote activity and worker, use the UI plugin which

> is included in the provider package as install on the webserver and use the

Reviewer: Is this what was meant here?:
```suggestion
is included in the provider package and install it on the webserver and use the
```

"Admin" - "Edge Worker Hosts" and "Edge Worker Jobs" pages.

> Some caveats:

Reviewer: Should this get some kind of heading or bolding?
